[docs-only] Update userlog README.md (#6682)
owncloud/ocis: services/userlog/README.md

## Subscribing

> Additionaly to the oc10 API, the `userlog` service also provides an `/sse` (Server-Sent Events) endpoint to be informed by the server when an event happens. See [What is Server-Sent Events](https://medium.com/yemeksepeti-teknoloji/what-is-server-sent-events-sse-and-how-to-implement-it-904938bffd73) for a simple introduction and examples to server sent events. The `sse` endpoint will respect language changes of the user without needing to reconnect. Note that SSE have the limitation of six open connections per browser which can be reached if one has opened various tabs of the Web UI pointing to the same Infinite Scale instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally to the oc10 API, the `userlog` service also provides an `/sse` (Server-Sent Events) endpoint to be informed by the server when an event happens. See [What is Server-Sent Events](https://medium.com/yemeksepeti-teknoloji/what-is-server-sent-events-sse-and-how-to-implement-it-904938bffd73) for a simple introduction and examples of server sent events. The `sse` endpoint will respect language changes of the user without needing to reconnect. Note that SSE has a limitation of six open connections per browser which can be reached if one has opened various tabs of the Web UI pointing to the same Infinite Scale instance.
```
